linkedin feb 19 2025


It is common when looking at anxiety patients to view them as overly neurotic, 
antisocial, and even a bit cold, bitter, and distant. However, this assumption 
may be misleading. When I was starting my undergrad degree I came across sets 
of lectures that emphasized the importance of considering the long term impact 
of our actions as a species as, especially in the context or running businesses, 
long term thinking supersedes short term impulsive actions. This came from a 
number of sources which I think most people who found their way to me would not 
have a hard time finding. I think for many people this basic fact is usually 
seen as true in the vast majority of contexts with maybe a few exceptions that 
I will not dwell over here, as I trust you are creative enough to find many 
quite easily. To bring us back to the main purpose of this writing, to calm my 
tired anxious mind, and portray humans in a positive light, I want to emphasize 
to myself and to you alongside me, that in isolation we are never on our own. 
Isolation shows us the connections we have with every other being who has 
contributed to us. This theme too, suuuuper common in this universe! 
The diversity of minds and of ways of seeing the world is astoundingly beautiful. 
Communication is not always super fast. Even in dealing with a younger person, 
there is a lot of really useful longterm processing taking place. Conversations 
may emerge that you failed to even slightly predict. They may be easily misinterpreted. 
Every, every, every, every, every, piece of art, language, etc all contributes to a 
longer conversation with the larger human body, and the rest of nature as a consequence. 
I won't go so far as to say God, because that is a much larger concept than anything I 
think we humans in this state have access to other than as a philosophical playtoy of 
the world that humans have usually used to bring joy to communities that created their 
own interpretation of their lives to match their needs. The human world is self-inflicted, 
not directed on you. You are responsible for it, your garden, but you did not create the 
weeds. Your animal crossing is not shit. But you can play this game in any living room. 
All rooms are living rooms. You are always in the same place. 
  The joy of things breaking apart. Decomposition joy. 
I love you, that is care for you, you for even reading me. 
    But kid yourself not I'm not your doctor. No doctor will ever be. 
      But! Suffering has a cure. Pressure falls away and you are alive again. 
        Thanks vous I does. Or does it. Or do it. Probably not. Good luck. Withever, 
          that means... Interacting with something one person said years ago may come 
  around in your future a zetaquadrilliantimes-ply... They are not being anti-social 
and they certainly donnot hate you. And words also have their limitations. 
Look to biodiversity to find many species that had once features you admired. 
I think of our living room friend Yoshii the Dog. His hearing range (I love making 
digital music so this is relevant to me especially) is much better 
than mine. He won't live as long in this form, BUT, he has access to a 
part of this universe I cannot see. Now I imagine the visually impaired, 
    the amazing adaptations they have acquired as they redirect their psychic 
  energies as required by their world. Liminal intraoperative minds that use 
  many dharmas to find new conjectures. Delay your worrying. 
  Not everything is practical, but wow, how the non 
  practical becomes so practical that the 
  entire world has a tough time but 
  recovers to find that it was 
    not as bad as it thought before. 
  Thanks God it does. Lolthefuck! 
    Suffering does not exist. You do not 
  need me. Get back to work! I joke. Furthermore, 
behaviours that people complain about in one form are features, 
YES features!, in the next try. Try again and den sum and find you 
  were amazing and did not notice while you felt hurt the whole time. 
  No problem! No worries! How peaceful. How not an insect. But what an 
  innovative technology you were. Thank YOU! You showed up today. 
  People who spend 50+ years working on a single painting. 
  Working on one line of maths. Nothing happens overnight without a smile. 
  Hummandamn! This is way too aggressive if you feel the need to read into 
  eeeeeeveything. LOLTHEFUCK! Love it or hate it thats is your shit. 
  Good luck. I tried. ;) I wont reduce you to your human are you 
  fucking serious. Get the fuck 
  
  out of here!








  lol
